Light Loves Sonda
"Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what's right." --Isaac Asimov
"I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I intended to be." --Douglas Adams 
"A paranoid is someone who knows a little of what's going on." --William S. Burroughs 
"It's a poor sort of memory that only works backwards." --Lewis Carroll 
"Men stumble over the truth from time to time, but most pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened." --Winston Churchill 
"Every day, in every way, I am getting better and better." --Emile Coue 
"It's kind of fun to do the impossible." --Walt Disney 
"It's easier to build strong children than to repair broken men." --Frederick Douglas 
"Any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent. It takes a touch of genius, and a lot of courage, to move in the opposite direction." --Albert Einstein 
"Physical concepts are free creations of the human mind, and are not, however it may seem, uniquely determined by the external world." --Albert Einstein 
"A person cannot do right in one department whilst attempting to do wrong in another department. Life is one indivisible whole." --Mahatma Gandhi 
"I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image." --Stephen Hawking 
"A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices." --William James 
"Get your facts first, and then you can distort them as much as you please." --Rudyard Kipling (From Sea to Shining Sea) 
"For every complex problem there is an answer that is clear, simple, and wrong." --H.L. Mecken 
"Mass hypnosis. In a very orthodox form known as 'education." --Robert Pirsing
"I'll be more enthusiastic about encouraging thinking outside the box when there's evidence of any thinking going on inside it." --Terry Pratchett 
"Smile first thing in the morning, go ahead and get it over with." --Jane Seabrook 
"Wise enough to know better, old enough to care less." --Tom Shay 
"Sometimes I think the surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that none of it has tried to contact us." --Bill Watterson (Author of Calvin and Hobbes) 
"You have to create the future, or someone will create it for you." --Susan Ivanova (Babylon 5)
"The avalanche has already started. It is too late for the pebbles to vote." --Kosh (Babylon 5)
"Prophecy will attend to itself." --Grey Council Spokesman (Babylon 5)
So when you get into trouble, I will laugh at you. I will make fun of you when terror strikes- God (Proverbs 1:26, Today's English Translation)
Each heart knows its own Bitterness, and no one else can share its Joy. (Proverbs 14:10)
And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love. (1st Corinthians 13:13)
Do you see a man wise in his own eyes? There is more hope for a fool than for him. (Proverbs 26:12)
For dust you are and to dust you will return. (Genesis 3:19)
The borrower is servant to the lender. (Proverbs 22:7)
Shall we accept good from God and not trouble? (Job 2:10)
A whip for the horse, a halter for the donkey, and a rod for the backs of fools! (Proverbs 26:3)
Do not answer a fool according to his folly, or you will be like him yourself. (Proverbs 26:4)
"The universe is a pretty big place. Bigger than anyone ever dreamed of. So if it's just us, seems like an awful waste of space." --Ellie 
"Lessons lesson! Lesson number three: If you see a stranger, follow him." --Ed (Cowboy Bebop)
"When everything is new, can anything be a surprise?" --Cho-je (Dr. Who)
"Power is the only freedom that I seek." --Omega (Dr. Who) 
"Destiny? Isn't that just a fancy name for blind chance?" --Peri (Dr. Who)
"You can judge a man by the quality of his enemies." --Dr. Who
"People often overlook the obvious." --Dr. Who
"First things first, But not necessarily in that order!" --Dr. Who 
"Power without justice is tyranny, justice without power is impotence." --Silver Knight (.hack/sign)
"Why is it every time you open your mouth you PROVE you're an idiot!" --Vegeta (Dragonball Z)
"There exists no separation between gods and men; one blends softly casual into the other." --Maud'dib (Dune)
"Atrocity is recognized as such by victim and perpetrator alike, by all who learn about it at whatever remove. Atrocity has no excuses, no mitigating argument. Atrocity never balances or rectifies the past. Atrocity merely arms the future for more atrocity. It is self-perpetuating upon itself. Whoever commits atrocity also commits those future atrocities thus bred." --The Apocrypha of Muad'Dib (Dune)
"Truth suffers from too much analysis." Ancient Fremen Saying (Dune)
"I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over and through me. And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain." Litany Against Fear (Dune)
"No matter how exotic human civilization becomes, no matter the developments of life and society nor the complexity of the machine/human interface, there always come interludes of lonely power when the course of humankind, the very future of humankind, depends upon the relatively simple actions of single individuals." From The Tleilaxu Godbuk (Dune)
"Every civilization must contend with an unconscious force which can block, betray, or countermand almost any conscious intention of the collectivity." Unproven Tleilaxu Theorum (Dune)
"There exists a limit to the force even the most powerful may apply without destroying themselves. Judging this limit is the true artistry of government. Misuse of power is the fatal sin. The law cannot be a tool of vengeance, never a hostage, nor a fortification against the martyrs it has created. You cannot threaten any individual and escape the consequences." The Stilgar Commentary (Dune)
"I've lived too long with pain. I won't know who I am without it." --Ender (The Ender Saga)
"There's only one thing that will make them stop hating you. And that's being so good at what you do that they can't ignore you." --Colonel Graff (The Ender Saga)
"The only people who think children are carefree are the ones who've forgotten their own childhood." --John Paul (The Ender Saga)
"Knowledge is just opinion that you trust enough to act upon." --Miro (The Ender Saga)
To those who loved this world... and knew friendly company therein: This reunion is for you. --Advent Children 
"When the time comes for the Planet to die, you will understand that you know absolutely nothing." --Bugenhagen (Final Fantasy 7)
"Look always to the internal flow of time which is far greater than the span of a human life." --Bugenhagen (Final Fantasy 7)
"No matter what happens, isn't it important to try?" --Bugenhagen (Final Fantasy 7)
"Be careful of forgetfulness. Your lucky color is... blue?" --Cait Sith (Final Fantasy 7)
"I don't want to regret not having done something later." --Cid Highwind (Final Fantasy 7)
"A pro isn't someone who sacrifices themselves for a job. That's just a fool." --Reno (Final Fantasy 7)
"Right and wrong are not what separate us from our enemies. It's our different standpoints, our perspectives that separate us. Both sides blame one another. There's no good or bad side, just two sides holding different views." --Squall Leonheart (Final Fantasy 8)
"I don't want to be talked to in past tense!!!" --Squall Leonheart (Final Fantasy 8)
"Words aren't the only thing that tell people what you're thinking..." --Tifa Lockheart (Final Fantasy 7)
"I don't care what you are doing, so much as the idiotic way that you are doing it." --Vincent Valentine (Final Fantasy 7)
"You're Puss in Boots, the one who tricks the prince. He hides who he really is and pretends to be someone else forever. So in time he becomes that person, so his lie becomes the truth, see? He transcends the mask. Well, don't you get it? That's how he finds happiness. That's pretty good, right?" --Eri Ninamori (FLCL)
Humankind cannot gain anything without first giving something in return. To obtain, something of equal value must be lost. That is alchemy's first law of Equivalent Exchange. In those days, we really believed that to be the world's one, and only truth. (Full Metal Alchemist)
"Now I understand the relieved, I feel very situation..." --Sosuke Sagara (Full Metal Panic)
"Don't deceive, don't be deceived." --Sosuke Sagara (Full Metal Panic)
"Overspecialization leads to death." --Motoko (Ghost in the Shell)
"If you're joking, that's cruel. If you're being sarcastic, that's even worse." --Duo Maxwell (Gundam Wing)
"History is much like an endless waltz. The three beats of war, peace, and revolution continue on forever." --Mariemaia Khushrenada (Gundam Wing)
"You wouldn't let me give up. A good teacher never lets you give up." --Junko (Megatokyo)
"The present is made possible by the ghosts of the past, and because there is a present, there will be a future. The past, therefore, is where the future begins. I wonder if it means that in the same context as we think of breakfast?" --Ruri Hoshino (Nadesico)
"Myself in the darkness? No. The darkness within myself." --Kirika Yuumura (Noir)
"For those with wings, fly to your dreams" --Teela (Pilot Candidate)
"Yes, it's true. I was born with a silver spoon in my mouth. But they immediately had to remove it to make room for my foot." --James (Pokemon)
"If you aren't remembered, then you never existed." --Arisu (Serial Experiment Lain)
"No matter where you are... Everyone is always connected." --Lain (Serial Experiment Lain)
"I am not bound to please thee with my answer." --William Shakespeare 
"Action is eloquence." --William Shakespeare 
"Nothing emboldens sin so much as mercy." --William Shakespeare 
"Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none." --William Shakespeare 
"There can be no justice so long as laws are absolute" --Captain Picard (Star Trek)
"The ideals of individual accountability and responsibility in the United States are dying everyday. A gun cannot be responsible for a death, just as a shovel cannot be responsible for digging a ditch. Both are only tools, that have no will of their own." --Stuck Mojo (Declaration of a Headhunter) 
"Science is better than love can ever be." --Washu (Tenchi Muyo)
"Wrapped in thirty or more pounds of steel armor, he sank like a stone, wrapped in thirty or more pounds of steel armor" The Savage Caves (T.H. Lain)
"Every moment hesitated is a moment gone from life." --Chapel the Evergreen (Trigun)
"The cornered mouse attacks the cat. But the cat is wise to the mouse's game. The mouse seeks death in order to escape the pain." --Knives (Trigun)
"Love and peace!" --Vash the Stampede (Trigun)
'You really are a pessimist.' Y'know, if I had a penny for every time I heard that, I'd drown under their bitter, coppery weight. 
I have paranoid amnesia. I keep forgetting that everyone's out to get me. 
If winners never quit and quitters never win, who came up with quit while you're ahead? 
I pity the fool who derives self-esteem by mocking peoples' clothes 
Did nothing become something when we named it nothing?? Think about it. 
Oddly enough, if a tree falls in the forest when no one's around, it might still be standing. 
That's my 2 cents worth; feel free to pay me yours. 
Bad command or filename, nice try though. 
For me, the light at the end of the tunnel is most often a flame-thrower. 
We have enough youth. What we need is a fountain of SMART! 
If cheese sauce appears thin, do not put back in microwave. Cheese sauce will thicken upon standing. 
I like "..." they're fun... 
Raw toast, eh? That's so GROSS! 
Sometimes I think I know everything, but then I regain consciousness. 
So a skeleton walks into a bar and says, 'Get me a beer and a mop' 
Everything is related to everything in every way. --The Infinite Order Theorom 
Some people are like Slinkys. Completely useless but it makes you smile to push them down a flight of stairs.
Victory favors neither the righteous nor the wicked, it favors the prepared.
"You're a good listener" "If enough people say 'Dear God, PLEASE stop talking!' you become a good listener."
"The wise learn from successes as well as mistakes." --Kasuka Resaiko
"To find infinity in a flower, is to find the essence of time" --Kasuka Resaiko
Mat hates you in advance. Don't feel bad, it just saves time.
"Your wit is as sharp as a spoon." --Mathew Ostrander
"One must be true with their feelings, lest they be consumed from within." --Mathew Ostrander 
"He who hesitates is not only lost, but miles from the next exit." --Sherron Ostrander 
"I don't practice what I preach, because, I'm not the one I'm preaching to." --Sherron Ostrander
The prophets have it all wrong.  The end is past and we didn't fucking blink.
